Post-review of README.md for fast-integration tests (#10768)
kyma-project/kyma: tests/fast-integration/README.md

## Overview

> This project provides fast integration tests for Kyma. The goal is to decrease the minimal turnaround time from the current 90 minutes to less than 10 minutes (ten times). Fast integration tests will solve the problem partially. Other initiatives that are executed in parallel are equally important: switching to k3s, reducing Kubernetes provisioning time, and implementing the parallel installation of Kyma components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project provides fast integration tests for Kyma. The goal is to decrease the minimal turnaround time ten times, from the current 90 minutes to less than 10 minutes. Fast integration tests will solve the problem of long-running tests partially. Other initiatives that are executed in parallel are equally important: switching to k3s, reducing Kubernetes provisioning time, and implementing the parallel installation of Kyma components.
```

> The project also contains the `kyma-js` tool which you can use in the development process. Kyma-js is a temporary solution that implements the subset of Kyma CLI commands but focuses on local development and minimal turnaround time (parallel installation). It provides some additional features that are useful for development, such as upgrade of the selected components, skipping some components from the installation, testing upgrade to the new eventing, and provisioning/deprovisioning of the k3d cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project also contains the `kyma-js` tool which you can use in the development process. `kyma-js` is a temporary solution that implements the subset of Kyma CLI commands, focusing on local development and minimal turnaround time (parallel installation). It provides some additional features that are useful for development, such as upgrading the selected components, skipping some components from the installation queue, testing the upgrade to the new eventing, and provisioning or deprovisioning a k3d cluster.
```

## Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) installation
- KUBECONFIG pointing to the Kubernetes cluster which has Kyma installed. If you don't have Kyma yet, you can quickly run it locally using [this project](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/local-kyma).
- Docker configured with 4GB RAM
- [k3d](https://github.com/rancher/k3d) - you can install it with these commands:

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
```

    brew install k3d
    ```
    or

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
```

    curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rancher/k3d/main/install.sh | bash
    ```

- [crane](https://github.com/google/go-containerregistry/tree/master/cmd/crane) (optional) - a tool to copy Docker images. You can install it with this command:

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
```

## Local development

Here you have sample development tasks you can execute on your local machine working with the Kyma source code.

1. Install `kyma-js` as a global package:
    ```
    npm install -g kyma-js
    ```
    Another option is to navigate to the `fast-integration` folder, where the `kyma.js` file is located, and symlink the package folder:
    ```
    npm link
    ```
    The second option allows you to change the code of the installer and use it without building, publishing, and updating.

2. Create the local cluster:
    ```
    kyma-js provision k3d
    ```

3. Install Kyma without some modules and with the new eventing instead of Knative:
    ```
    kyma-js install -v --skip-modules=monitoring,tracing,logging,kiali --new-eventing
    ```

> 4. Execute the Commerce Mock test with DEBUG enabled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Execute the Commerce Mock test with `DEBUG` enabled:
```

    ```
    DEBUG=true mocha test/2-commerce-mock.js
    ```

5. Upgrade some components:
    ```
    kyma-js install -v --component=application-connector --new-eventing
    ```

> 6. Delete all and start from scratch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Delete the cluster and start from scratch:
```

    ```
    kyma-js deprovision k3d
    ```

To learn more about `kyma-js` possibilities, run:
```
kyma-js <command> --help
```

## FAQ

### Why don't you use Octopus?

> [Octopus](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/octopus/blob/master/README.md) is a great tool for running tests inside the Kubernetes cluster in a declarative way. But it is not the right tool for fast integration testing. The goal is to execute the tests in 4 minutes. With Octopus, you need 4 minutes or more before the tests even start (2 minutes to build the test image and push it to the Docker registry, 1 minute to deploy Octopus, and 1 minute to deploy the test Pod).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Octopus](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/octopus/blob/master/README.md) is a great tool for running tests inside the Kubernetes cluster in a declarative way. However, it is not the right tool for fast integration testing. The goal is to execute the tests in 4 minutes. With Octopus, you need 4 minutes or more before the tests even start (2 minutes to build the test image and push it to the Docker registry, 1 minute to deploy Octopus, and 1 minute to deploy the test Pod).
```
